Lower town quayside is the original harbor.
That was the medieval harbor.
That was the harbor back in the 1700s.
And that's where all the history is attached
because the pirates came in there,
the smugglers came in there.
And also then the French invasion
were trying to land in that port.
The lower town harbor is a pretty place.
It's been used as a location for making movies.
They made the film Moby Dick there.
They made the film Under Milk Wood there.
So it's a pretty place.
It's a nice location and gives you an indication
of what the town is really like.
It's not a big place.
It's a nice little harbor.
It's pretty.
It's got a lot of natural life there.
It's an interesting place.
It links quite well to that other,
in upper town, the Gorseth.
The Gorseth is a big stone circle,
which is on the cliff top.
And it looks down towards lower town.
So that from the Gorseth,
you can then look along the line of the Preseli Hill.
So you've got below you,
if you look down about 40 degrees,
you have the harbor.
But if you look up a bit,
then you've got the Preseli Mountains.
And the Preseli is where the blue stones come from.
It's also the place where you've got
an awful lot of history that people are interested in.
This is the big standing stones, the big dolmen.
And these sites are easily available from Fishguard.
You can see them from Fishguard.
You can see the house that Black Bart lived in.
That's on our list there.
You've got lots of places you can see
from that one location.
If you were coming into town,
that you could orientate yourself by going to the Gorseth,
that gives you a general orientation.
These are the mountains,
these are the harbour.
Then you could go down by bicycle or whatever
into the lower town harbor.
And that's the pretty place.
That's where you can get your close up
sort of experience of the town.
So there's certainly very nice pubs there
and little places to go look at.